# Release history

## v3.2.0

Release Date： 2024-03-18

### Enhancements

- add PR template
- Support for OAuth 2.0 Single Sign-On (SSO)
- Uploaded license without data processing same as original installation license.
- support tunnel mqtt payload split
- build_static_neuronex in makefile
- remove unused mock files
- fix: discard db trace log
- adapt rules tip for license with test use of data processing
- refactor add south node page
- add pagination for plugin page
- change status-tag style
- support import and export south devices
- support uploading ca certificate for mqtt sink
- system configuration supports agent function
- support OAuth 2.0 single sign-on
- provides downloads of portable sample
- support external service

### Bug Fixes

- Query rule exception alert fireChecks 1,resolveChecks -1.
- ecp tunnel mode
- reInit syslog client when send syslog error
- fix race for liveness_ct_test
- fix restart alert resolveChecks can be -1 .
- rest api for agent configuration
- revoke serviceId by MQTT and registerId do not change
- support service package for ekuiper
- remove file generated by exporting template.
- ekuiper portable plugin download and audit
- fix UsedTagCount < 0
- Add Enable field for ECP Agent Config
- ci: rename python and slim for neuronex docker image
- do not remove service id when modified config
- API use neuron api err code rather than transfer.

### Breaking Changes

- Stop all rules for original install license every 1 hour.
- Rule and driver configuration export and distribution
- Operational audit record push
- add body check about monitor post api .
- fix alert metric config request body error
- adapt the style of custom logo
- adapt error code '13005'
- fix int type passing string value
- fix Boolean type value loading issue
- modify 'sql.json' file


## v3.1.2

Release Date： 2024-03-06

### Enhancements
- Increased the data tag name length limit to 128 bits.
- Added support for single-point and multi-point reading and writing in the Inovance Modbus TCP driver's I address area.
- Modified the default byte order in the Inovance Modbus TCP driver to match with the device.
- Enhanced OPC UA asynchronous read and write performance.
- Added support for Q/M named address input specification in the S7 driver.

### Fixes
- Fixed abnormal disconnection issue in the Mitsubishi driver when handling large amounts of data.
- Fixed error 3008 in the 104 protocol.
- Addressed the problem of excessive dump file generation.


## v3.1.1

Release Date： 2024-01-12

### Enhancements

- Added Redis source.
- Optimized the log monitoring page.
- Implemented password change validation to ensure old and new passwords cannot be the same.
- Added filter search and pagination for the North Apps page and North Group List page.
- Stored ECP related data (liveness, syslog, password) into SQLite.
- Set the `runImmediately` option to `true` by default when creating a rule.

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed SQL database password validation error.
- Fixed node/group display error in Data Monitoring page.
- Fixed error that occurred when creating rules while rule testing is in progress.
- Fixed hexadecimal writing data tag error.
- Fixed TLS certificates validation error.
- Fixed rule exception for multiple operators.
- Fixed syslog body validation.
- Fixed eKuiper liveness check when setting log level.
- Fixed liveness report to ECP not working except reboot NeuronEX.



## v3.1.0

Release Date： 2023-12-22

### Enhancements
- Support for Centos 7, Ubuntu 18.04 and Debian-10 operating systems

- Support for ARM V7

- Support for RPM and DEB installation

- Support for Inovance Modbus TCP southbound driver

- Support for HOSTLINK southbound driver

- Support for adding and replacing southbound and northbound drivers

- The driver template adds the Interval field of group

- New source in the data processing module: HTTP Pull, HTTP Push, SQL, File, Video, Simulator

- New sink in the data processing module: REST, SQL, InfluxDB V1, InfluxDB V2, File

- Added rule testing function

- Optimize Add Sink page

- Optimize rule options UI and Sink configuration UI

- Optimize the configuration process between data collection and data processing modules

- NeuronEX logs, metrics, alarms support docking with ECP

- Add log monitoring 

- Support for downloading single southbound and northbound driver log

- Support for downloading data processing module log

- Support for starting and stopping data processing module

- UI displays system architecture information

- Support for command line to reset login password

- Optimize NeuronEX storage directory


## v3.0.1

Release Date: 2023-11-3

### Enhancements

- Added configuration function to limit the size and quantity of log files.

- Added the function of modifying the log level, and added the log configuration function on the page.

- Added password restrictions when changing passwords on the UI page.


### Fixes

- Fixed log-related issues such as garbled logs and format errors.



## v3.0.0

Release Date: 2023-10-24

### Enhancements

- Realize functional integration of data collection and data stream processing

- Added unified authentication service

- Added unified API

- Added support for syslog service (Support syslog server)

- Added support for yaml format configuration files

- Added support for environment variables and command line settings to run

- Added support for large-scale hardware bundling license distribution

- Added floating license

- Optimize front-end display


